we are on the eve of a technological
revolution bring these machines on the
streets will save countless lives
time to wake him up this is the future
it's not the weapons account to sanity
in your case what the premise of Robocop
embodies all the questions that have to
do with machines taking over reality
we're very close to many of the things
in the movie right now it's not some
crazy futuristic vision we do have like
aerial drones that are in the Teran
sequence you know like what we've got
today the way that drone pilots operate
these machines is akin to a video game
they have a joystick it's essentially
robotics you know and you're
disconnected from what you do think it's
not one machine they want a product the
conscience our movies very much about
what happens when you become a robot the
scientific process the emotional process
really trying to use what the military
are actually developing and medical
facilities the technology of Robocop is
already there where vision implants so
we can actually give some basic vision
back to people who have been blind with
their implants patients are able to make
out stock from light objects there's
been amazing breakthroughs over the past
year that have allowed us to
successfully link our minds to robotic
prosthetics that the most recent example
was the
literally were able to implant the chip
in the brain so this guy can actually
think and connect with a computer that
allowed him to control a robotic arm
composite systems made of organic
systems but also made of artificial
systems that's what Robocop is is how
for Robert Half a man with smart alecks
it's you
thank you for your cooperation